Thanks for taking the time to review my work yall. 
So here are some details about my program. 

PREFACE
I created a DAL (data access layer)
and a business layer in the services folder
the DAL is my attempt at trying to simulate a database. 
I have a very primitive save function and a function to create a data object similar to how one would use DB Context.
There is a file called users.json that is where i store the user data. 
Please note I did store passwords in clear text but I didnt have time to set up 
a encryption framework to encrypt the data. Ideally I would just let a third party auth framework handle the authentication portion of any program.
if you want to add another user object just the username and password fields are needed. the program should 
be robust enough to add the other fields even if they are left blank. Object #1 is what the data should look like once all 4 api are ran.
Also I created a appsettings.json to store the api key.
Finally I believe i fixed the problem with the program not running on windows. My theory is that enumerables don't like to be counted and 
instead i used the .Any() function to verify if there was any object in the enumerable.

RUNNING program
once you run this program you will want to follow the happy path of execution 
you should have been provided with a postman collection that will contain several example requests.
NOTE in the authorization field it shuld be set to basic authentication and have the username and password listed in there. 
if not you will have to copy and paste the username and passwords from the users.json file into that auth field in postman for it to work.

order should go as follows. (if the order isnt followed then the program will return the required error codes defined in the document)
1) accept terms and conditions
2) get invitationcode (you will need to pass it into the next function so copy and paste)
3) put Device. here you will grab the invitation code and then add a random integer 
    example - https://localhost:5001/api/InvitationCode?code=8356819979051426038&deviceID=1234512423123
4) get device list. This will just return the device list for the users.